Minor description enhancement for https://zeit.co/docs/v2/advanced/domains/transferring-a-domain/ (#1290)
zeit/docs: pages/docs/v2/advanced/domains/transferring-a-domain.mdx

To transfer your domain, the first step is to unlock your domain from your registrar's domain management area. Most domains are usually locked by default to prevent unauthorized changes.

> For example, the following screen-capture shares the domain unlocking feature from GoDaddy.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, the following image shares the domain unlocking feature from GoDaddy.
```
